c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\RandomJokeClient.exe.config
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\RandomJokeClient.exe
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\RandomJokeClient.pdb
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\obj\Debug\RandomJokeClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\obj\Debug\RandomJokeClient.exe
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\obj\Debug\RandomJokeClient.pdb
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\omgst\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RandomJokeClient\RandomJokeClient\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
